{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red89\green98\blue106;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red56\green90\blue161;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c42353\c45882\c49020;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c27843\c43922\c69412;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs77 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#Privacy Policy
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 SciLifeLab operates the Swedish Precision Medicine Portal, which provides the 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2 .\
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our personal data processing policy. If you choose to use our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2 , then your personal data will be processed in accordance with this policy.\
The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2 . We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this policy. All collected personal information will be processed for research purposes, i.e. using the lawful basis of public interest and in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, the General Data Protection Regulation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs62\fsmilli31073 \cf2 ##Visitor statistics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 We want to inform you that whenever you visit our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2 , we collect the information that your browser sends to us, which is called \'92log data\'92. Log data may include: the website that you visited us from, the parts of our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2  you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your anonymised IP address, information from the device that you used during your visit (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type), and more. We process this usage data in Matomo Analytics (hosted on SciLifeLab servers and operated solely by SciLifeLab) for statistical purposes, to improve our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2 , and to recognise and stop any misuse.\
You can opt out of your statistics being collected below:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 The tracking opt-out feature requires cookies to be enabled.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs62\fsmilli31073 \cf2 ##Forms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2  contains a number of forms that visitors can use to contact us or send us suggestions. The website visitors may choose to provide their personal information such as their name and e-mail address through these forms.\
The following parties will have access to processing the personal data provided through the forms; SciLifeLab Data Centre, Uppsala University, Kungliga Tekniska h\'f6gskolan (KTH). Your personal data will be deleted when no longer needed, or when stipulated by the archival rules for the university as a government authority. If you want to update or remove your personal data, please contact\uc0\u8239 the controller SciLifeLab Data Centre at Uppsala University using \cf5 x@scilifelab.se\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs62\fsmilli31073 \cf2 ##Links to Other Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Our 
\f1\b \cf2 Service
\f0\b0 \cf2  may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs62\fsmilli31073 \cf2 ##Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. These changes posted on this page are effective immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs62\fsmilli31073 \cf2 ##Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us (link to contact page).\
}